（今日は水瀬さんが休みだったし、他の子とコイカツしようかな……）=(Minase-san had the day off today, so I think I'll do Koikatsu with the other girls...)
登校したときにいないと思ったら、朝のＨＲで櫻井先生が家から連絡があったと教えてくれた。=When I arrived at school and noticed she was absent, Sakurai-sensei told me in morning home room that she had received a call from Minase-san's home.
どうやら風邪を引いてしまったらしい。=Apparently, she had caught a cold.
「ちょっといい？」=Do you have a minute?
「あ、はい」=Ah, yes.
櫻井先生はプリントの入ったクリアファイルを携えていた。=Sakurai-sensei was carrying a clear file with print outs in it.
「最近、コイカツ部は順調？」=How's the Koikatsu club doing lately?
「うーん、そうですね……ちょっと難しいお願い事をされちゃって……色々策を考えてます」=Umm, you see... I've been asked to do something a bit difficult... I've been thinking a lot to come up with a plan.
とは言ったものの、水瀬さんに自信を持たせる方法はまだ思いついていない。=Saying that, I have yet to come up with a way to make Minase-san feel confident.
ましてや、水瀬さんを恋心を教える方法なんて、思いつくのかとすら思っている。=Not to mention, I even wondered if I could come up with a way to teach her about love.
「あら。私でよかったらいつでも相談してね。学園長にはあなたの担任だけじゃなくて相談役も任されてるんだから」=Oh, my. If it's alright with you, you can always come to me. Not only am I your home room teacher, but I'm also your mentor after all.
「ありがとうございます。でも、先生の方こそ、何か用事があったんじゃないですか？」=Thank you very much. But, as a teacher, wasn't there something you needed?
「うふふ、じゃあ私の用件から話すわね。もしよかったらでいいから、これを水瀬さんに届けてほしいの」=Ufufu, I'll go first then. If you don't mind, I'd like you to deliver this to Minase-san.
クリアファイルを受け取って中身を見ると、それは今日の授業で配られたプリントだった。=Taking the clear file and peering at the contents, I saw that it was the handouts for today's class.
「いいですけど、水瀬さんの家を知らなくて……」=I'm fine with doing it, but I don't know where Minase-san's house is...
「あら？　言ってなかった？　きみの住んでるアパートのお隣が水瀬さんの家よ」=Oh? Didn't anyone tell you? Minase-san lives in the apartment right next to your's.
「ええっ！？」=Eehhh!?
「だから、帰るときについでに届けてあげてほしくって。お願いしてもいい？」=So, I'd hoped you could deliver that to her on your way home. Can I ask you to do that?
「それは、はい、大丈夫です」=That's, yes, it's fine.
「よかった。それじゃ、キミの難しいお願い事っていうのを聞きましょうか？」=I'm glad. Now then, let's hear about your difficult situation, shall we?
「……いえ、それに関してはもうちょっと自分で考えてみます」=...No, I'll think about that a bit more on my own.
「あら、ちょっと寂しいけど……そうね、ひとりで考えるのも大事なことよね。それじゃ、よろしくね」=Oh, it's a bit lonely, but... well, it's important to think for yourself. Then, I'll see you later.
「はい、任せてください」=Yes, leave it to me.
櫻井先生は俺のことを少し気にしてる様子だったが、最後は笑顔で去っていった。=Sakurai-sensei seemed a little concerned about me, but in the end she left with a smile on her face.
（水瀬さんのことを考えていたときに水瀬さんに届けるプリントを受け取った。これは、何かの暗示なのかな）=(I was thinking about Minase-san as I took the printouts to deliver to her. Is this some kind of sign?)
まあ、風邪を引いてるらしいし、ゆっくり話せないかもしれないけれど。=Well, I heard she has a cold, so we might not be able to talk too much.
（できれば色々話したいな……水瀬さんに自信を持ってもらうきっかけも見つかるかもしれないし）=(If possible, I'd like to talk about a lot of things... maybe I can find an opportunity to make her more confident.)
そう思ったなら善は急げ。俺はコイカツ部をするのをやめにして、帰り支度を始めた。=If that's what I'm thinking, I should hurry up and get going. I finished with the Koikatsu club and started getting ready to go home.
（でも、まさか家までお隣りさんだったなんて。偶然って重なるものなんだなぁ）=(But I would have never thought we lived right next to each other. Talk about a coincidence.)
（でも、風邪ってどれぐらいひどいんだろう。お見舞いに何か買っていった方がいいかな……）=(But I wonder how bad her cold is. I wonder if it'll be alright if I bought something for her...)
（……あれっ？　今……）=(...Huh? Just now...)
水瀬さんとすれ違ったような気がして振り返ると、見覚えのある後ろ姿がぎこちなく立ち去ろうとしているのが見えた。=I felt as if I had just passed by Minase-san and turned around to see a familiar figure awkwardly trying to walk away.
「えっと、水瀬さん？」=Um, Minase-san?
「ば、バレちゃった？　えへへ……」=Y-you caught me? Ehehe...
「えっと、病院帰り？」=Uhh, are you coming back from the hospital?
「あー……とりあえず、ゆっくり話せるところに入らない？　キミさえよかったらだけど」=Ahh... For now, can we go somewhere else where we can talk? If you don't mind that is.
「それは、もちろん」=Well, of course.
俺はいつも通り元気そうな水瀬さんに疑問を覚えつつ、適当な喫茶店に入ることにした。=I wondered about Minase-san, who seemed to be in good spirits as usual, and followed her into a coffee shop.
「実は……仮病で休んでたんだよねー、あははは……」=To be honest... I faked being sick to take a day off, ahahaha...
「仮病？　水瀬さんが？」=Faked it? You, Minase-san?
思わず驚いてしまったけれど、意外というわけではなかった。=I was surprised, but it wasn't completely unexpected.
会ったばかりの頃なら、こんなに明るい子が？　と驚いたかもしれない。=When I first met her, would I have been surprised to see such a bright girl do this? I might have been.
けれど、水泳部の部長から水瀬さんの抱えている問題を聞いた後なら納得できる。=However, after hearing from the president of the swimming club about the problems Minase-san was having, it made sense.
「たまーにね、学園に行きたくなーいってなっちゃうの。ダメだよね～こんなの」=Sometimes you know, I just don't want to go to school. I shouldn't do that, right? That sort of thing.
「ううん。気持ちすごくわかるよ」=Nah. I know exactly how you feel.
「あはは、気を遣わなくていいってば」=Ahaha, you don't have to sympathize for me.
「いや、本当にわかるよ。特に俺は独り暮らしだし、コイカツ部の部長なんてしてなかったら、けっこうサボっちゃってたかもね」=No, I really do understand. Especially since I live by myself, if I hadn't been the head of the Koikatsu club, I could have slacked off a lot.
そう言うと、水瀬さんは心底ほっとした顔をしてオレンジジュースを飲みはじめる。=As I said that, Minase-san looked relieved and started to drink her orange juice.
「キミが優しい人でよかった。引かれたらどうしようって、内心びくびくしてたよ～」=I'm glad you're a kind person. I was worried about what to do if you ended up hating me after this~
「俺はそこまで優等生じゃないからね」=It's not as if I'm much of a honor student, you know.
「実は、この前……あ、キミの転校初日ね？　あのとき遅れたのも、休もうかどうかって悩んでたからなんだよね」=Actually, the other day... Ah, that was your first day transferring in, right? The reason I was late was because I was debating whether or not to take the day off.
「でもあの日は来たんだね」=But that day you came.
「うん。だってキミが来るっていうから。女子校に転校してくる男の子なんて見逃せないもん」=Yeah, because I heard you were coming. I couldn't miss the boy who was transferring to an all-girls school.
「それに、私の隣りだっていうから、何かとサポートした方がいいかなぁって……んっ？　私なんか偉そう！？　ゴメンね！」=Besides, since you were going to be sitting next to me, I thought I should support them in any way I could... nn? Was that egotistical of me!? I'm sorry!
「そんなことないよ。実際、水瀬さんにはすごく助けられてるからね」=That's not true. In fact, you've helped me a lot, Minase-san.
「え～、全然だよ。もっとしてあげられること、あると思う」=Eh~ not at all. I feel like there's more I can do for you.
「いやいや。水瀬さんは命の恩人レベルだよ」=No, no. Minase-san, you're on the level of a lifesaver.
「転校初日、誰も話しかけてくれなくて、ちょっと気まずい思いをしてたときに話しかけてくれて、本当に気が楽になったんだ」=On my first day at a new school, no-one would talk to me, and when I was feeling a bit awkward, that's when you talked to me and that really put me at ease.
「えへへ、居心地悪そうだったもんね。私だったらイヤだな、話しかけてほしいなって思ったから話しかけたの」=Ehehe, you did look really uncomfortable back then. I would hate it if it were me, so I thought that you'd want someone to talk to you so I did.
「でも、それだけじゃなくてね……私、みんなと違うことをしたいって、ずっと思ってるの」=But it's not just that... I just want to be different compared to everyone else, I've always felt that.
「みんなと違うこと？」=Different from everyone else?
「なんて言ったらいいのかな……すごく、個性がほしいの」=I wonder what's the right way to say it... I just really want to be individualistic.
「こんなこと言ったら無個性の平凡な子だっていうのがバレちゃうから恥ずかしんだけど、もうキミには言っちゃう」=Saying this is embarrassing, because it would reveal me as a mediocre girl with no personality, but I'm going to tell you.
「私って、本当に普通なの。部長みたいに水泳一筋ってわけじゃないし、クラスの中でも地味な方だし……」=I'm really average. I'm not a passionate swimmer like the president, and I'm a pretty reserved person in my class...
俺は、そんなことないよ、と言いかけた口を慌てて結んだ。=I was about to disagree with her when I hastily tied my mouth shut.
下手な慰めよりも、もっと水瀬さんの気持ちを知って、自信をつけさせる糸口を見つけた方が建設的だ。=Rather than poorly comforting her, it would be more constructive to learn about Minase-san's feelings and find clues on how to help her gain confidence.
「もしかして、仮病で休むのも……？」=By any chance, those fake sick days were...?
「そう、みんなが学園で勉強してるときに、私は別のことをやっちゃう！　みたいな」=Yeah, while everyone else is studying at school, I'll be doing something else! Something like that.
「でも、外で遊んでると補導されちゃうんだって。だから、だいたい家でごろごろしてるだけだけどね……だめだなー」=But, they say if you play around outside you could get caught. So I usually just laze around at home... It's not good.
「……部長になれば、個性的になれるんじゃない？」=...Wouldn't being the swimming club president make you unique?
「それ、私も思ったんだけど……部長を見てるとなんか違うなって」=That's what I thought too, but... it's not the same when I look at the president.
「この前も部長がキミと話してるときに部長の真似事をしたけど、やっぱり私じゃないって感じがしたの」=The other day, when she was talking to you, I did my best to imitate her, but it still didn't feel right.
「柄じゃない……ううん、器じゃないっていうのかな？　やっぱり、うちの水泳部はすごい人がいっぱいいるんだよね」=It's not who I am... No, I guess I'm just not good enough? After all, our swimming club is full of amazing people.
「この前も言ってたけど、すごいっていうのは、タイムとかリーダーシップとか？」=You said it the other day, but what do you mean by amazing, did you mean her time or her leadership?
「うん。部長ってこの学園に来てから、何度も大会で優勝してるの。それに感化されて、周りも才能を開花させてるんだ」=Both. The president won a lot of competitions even before she came to this school. Inspired by that, the people around her also had their talents starting to bloom.
「高柳さんはちょっと協調性に難ありだけどクロールは部長並みにすごいし、自分にも他人にも厳しい湯浅さんがいると場が締まるし……」=Takayanagi-san is a little difficult to work with, but her freestyle is as great as the president's, and Yuasa-san, who is strict with herself and others, keeps the group together...
「他の子のことをよく見てるんだね」=You've been watching the other girls closely, huh.
「だって、みんなすごく個性的でキラキラしてるんだもん」=I mean, it's because I know everyone is so unique and sparkling.
「ただのお節介だけど、そういう子って応援したくなっちゃうんだよね」=I know I'm just getting in the way, but girls like that make me want to support them.
水瀬さんに助けられた俺にとって、その言葉はなんの誇張もなく聞こえた。=For me, who was saved that day by Minase-san, her words didn't sound like an exaggeration.
「そうだ、キミのコイカツ部のことも応援できないかな？」=I know, could I also help out the Koikatsu club?
「コイカツ部を？」=The Koikatsu club?
「えっとね、あ！　マネージャー的なやつ！」=Umm, ah! Like a manager!
「今はキミが直接女の子に話しかけて勧誘してるけど、そもそも男の子に話しかけられるのが苦手な子もいるでしょ？」=Right now you're talking directly to the girls to recruit them, but some of them aren't good at talking to guys yet, right?
「そういう子を私が仲介して連れてきてあげるとか、どう？」=For those girls, how about I talk to them and bring them to you?
「それはすごく助かるけど、そんな手間かけさせちゃっていいの？」=That helps me out a lot, but are you sure you want to go through all that trouble for me?
「もっちろん！　というか、実は水泳部に、本当に男の子がダメな子がいるんだよね。トラウマがあるみたいで」=Of course! Actually, there's a girl in the swimming club who really can't stand guys. It's like she's been traumatized.
「トラウマ？」=Traumatized?
「うん。乙梨さんっていうんだけど、男の人を見ただけで動けなくなっちゃうんだよね」=Yeah. Her name is Otonashi-san, and she freezes up just looking at a man.
「それは……重症だね」=That... sounds serious.
「そうなの。でも、本人はいつか克服したいって言ってたから、やる価値はあるんじゃないかなって。どうかな？」=It is. But she said she wanted to overcome it someday, so it might be worth a shot. What do you think?
（その子のことも気になるけど、水瀬さんのこともよく知れるチャンスかもしれないな）=(I am curious about this girl, but this might be a good chance to get to know Minase-san better too.)
「わかった。じゃあ、今度３人で話してみようか」=Alright. Then, the three of us should get together sometime and talk about it.
「わあ、ありがとう～。それじゃ乙梨さんに連絡しておくから、キミの都合のいいタイミングでやろう！」=Wow, thank you~. In that case, I'll get in touch with Otonashi-san and we'll do it when it's a good time for you!
「だね！」=Yeah!
（今は水瀬さんについていい案は思いつかないけれど、とにかく水瀬さんと関わり続けることが大事だ）=(I can't think of anything to help Minase-san right now, but for now, I feel like it's important to get closer with her.)
俺はそう思って決意を新たにした。=I made up my mind and renewed my determination.

野乃花=Nonoka
亜依=Ai
